Fe/update anonymized documentation (#1146)
eclipse-tractusx/puris: docs/admin/Admin_Guide.md

supported within Catena-X in the [odrl profile](https://github.com/catenax-eV/cx-odrl-profile/blob/main/profile.md)
of the current release._

## Configure anonymized data exchange

> To facilitate data exchange across multiple tiers, PURIS provides **anonymized versions** of selected PURIS data standards. The anonymized variants are meant to be consumed by partners without exposing sensitive identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate data exchange across multiple tiers, PURIS provides **anonymized versions** of selected PURIS data standards. The anonymized variants are meant to be consumed by a partner's partners without exposing sensitive identifiers.
```
I don't love the wording, but it should be made clear that the data is meant to be shared to non-partner participants. If you can think of better wording feel free to update.

> To facilitate data exchange across multiple tiers, PURIS provides **anonymized versions** of selected PURIS data standards. The anonymized variants are meant to be consumed by partners who receive the data indirectly through other partners, without exposing sensitive identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate data exchange across multiple tiers, PURIS provides **anonymized versions** of selected PURIS data standards. The anonymized variants are meant to be consumed by third party participants who receive the data indirectly through your partners, without exposing sensitive identifiers.
```
